hey what's up guys today i'll show you a
thriller film old
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
guy and prisca are on the verge of
divorcing as a final family vacation the
couple brings their son and daughter to
a high end resort
son and daughter cannot wait to explore
the beach so they get changed into
swimming suits soon after their arrival
sun befriends a boy nicknamed friend and
has a happy time playing games together
however they are completely unaware that
their parents are going through a
divorce
according to the plan they will break
the bond after the three-day holidays
it's no surprise that guy and prisca
still quarrel at the hotel and even the
children hear them hurling angry words
each other
meanwhile son is busy decoding a message
given by friend and daughter feels upset
about the parents relationship
the next day at breakfast time the hotel
manager recommends to the family a
mysterious beach with stellar views you
will arrange a shuttle coach for
transportation if the family is
interested
guy and prisca nod their heads at once
at this time son sees friend and they
greet one another
strangely enough the manager quickly
walks to friends and pulls him aside
all of a sudden something shatters
behind sun
as they turn around they see a lady
suffering epileptic seizures
fortunately a surgeon shows up to help
her after a while guys family board the
shuttle coach together with another
couple who has a cute daughter short
named cutie
the coach enters a jungle with warning
signboards as the coach cannot drive
through the narrow pathway the driver
shifts their meals to the ground and
tells them to call him at any time when
they want to leave
otherwise the driver will come to fetch
them at 5 p.m on the same day following
the driver's instruction the two
families move forward passing through a
narrow cleavage to the breathtaking
beach
priska is overwhelmed by its pristine
beauty
immediately after she discovers a fat
guy nicknamed mr fatty zoning at the far
distance
surgeon frowns at mr fatty's presence
because his wife nicknamed miss sexy is
too sexy to be revealed to anyone
while the children have fun at the sea
the adults enjoy sunbathing at the beach
son and daughter chance upon a
mysterious cave before they return to
the beach for some more games the cave
is bound to have some secrets but they
soon uncover some toys beneath the sand
around its vicinity
what is more frightening when son is
alone swimming at a pond a female corpse
floats to him
scared to death he runs to prisca and
tells her about it the stoning fatty
walks to them upon hearing son's report
the men work together to pull up the
corpse while prisca takes the children
away from the horrid scene
once mr fatty draws near to them he
begins to have a nosebleed
little do the two families know that the
night before this dead woman was
together with fatty
everyone focuses on fatty as he explains
that this lady tried to escape the beach
through swimming
he was left to wait for her return
feeling skeptical surgeon asks him about
his nose bleed but fatty refuses to give
more details
the surgeon wants to call the police
only to find there is no reception guy
also checks his phone and realizes the
same thing
meanwhile another couple arrive at the
beach the wife is the lady nickname
seizure who suffers from seizures
before they fall for the beautiful
scenery they are told that a dead woman
is found
surgeon suspects that fatty's nosebleed
has to do with deceased woman struggling
prior to her death
mr fatty rebukes him that he has been
suffering from a nosebleed for a few
hours of time
sexy runs over to alert surgeon that his
mother is feeling unwell
seizures husband hat who wears a hat
wants to go back to the entrance to seek
help
as soon as he enters the cleavage he
faints due to high pressure
when he regains his consciousness the
rest recalls that he stumbles out of the
cave putting his arms around the head
surgeon does a quick check on his mother
includes with relief that she just
experienced a shock
prisca approaches surgeon to inform him
that son is behaving strangely
surgeon has no time to attend a son he
also reasons that the children look
totally fine altogether the children
find a streak of bright light on top of
the mountain
just when surgeon is about to walk to
the children miss sexy cries out that
mother-in-law is not breathing
sadly enough in a flash surgeon loses
his mother
the new couple stirs up curiosity among
the children
after a brief introduction hat guesses
that son is in his teens but daughter is
firm that her younger brother is only
six years old
at first hat thinks the children are
playing a prank on him
shortly after prisca asks the boys and
girls where her children have gone
she is shocked that they actually call
her mom
it is beyond her understanding why the
children have grown up so rapidly
guy hugs his children in disbelief
in the meantime surgeon notices that
fatty wants to run away and gives a
chase
right after they enter the cave they are
attacked with headaches
later when they are awakened they are
found on the beach the three consecutive
cases suggest that the cave is a barrier
that separates them from the outside
world
the other tourists try to pass through
the cave but to no avail
guy and prisca cannot help but worry
about their children's rapid growth
prisca wants to get surgeon to conduct a
medical screening to see if they have
taken some pills wrongly
surgeon is busy attacking mr fatty he
slashes fatty's greasy face with a
skinny but sharp knife claiming that
fatty wants to hurt him
when the rest wants to check fatty's
wound they are surprised to find the
fresh cut has been healed fatty explains
that he and his girlfriend fell sick and
came to the beach for some relaxation
seizure speculates if all of them have
gone insane for this is the most
reasonable thing she can think of to
explain the current situation
surgeon finally has time to go check the
children and confirms that they have
grown up he also discovers that the dog
they bring along has died
hat proposes to swim across the sea but
no one complies due to the raging waves
seizure gathers everyone to make it
clear that by now they should have
trusted one another
each family then tells their own purpose
of visit and secrets
unexpectedly prisca's tumor grows large
and causes her to pass out
surgeon knows he must operate on prisca
now so he cuts open her belly
the weird thing takes place again
as soon as he lifts up the knife
prisca's wound heals
for her survival surgeon cuts her
another time
and then the rest helps to stretch open
her cut so that surgeon could have time
to remove the tumor while the wound gets
healed and prisca's skin looks intact
she wakes up feeling okay
however another shocking fact surfaces
fatty's dead girlfriend has turned into
a skeleton prisca tells the rest that it
takes seven years for a dead corpse to
decompose fully
now only for three hours on the beach
the corpse has turned into bones
now that it hits everyone that the time
on the beach is speeding up
most of them are adults and they do not
undergo many explicit changes but the
children have matured quickly if one
hour on the beach is equivalent to two
years in the outside world then one day
on the beach would mean 50 years
during their conversation they can tell
that hat is aging
hat suspects that the rocks make them
age fast
it could be due to fast aging that they
faint at the cleavage
priska finds out that her children are
missing as they are about to search
around sexy's daughter and son walk
towards them hand in hand
sexy's daughter is already pregnant at
confidently says that the fetus is about
five months old within a short time of
just 20 minutes sturgeon is gifted with
a grandchild
immediately after the pregnant lady is
about to give birth
sexy could not bear to see her own
daughter going into labor so she escapes
but at the next moment she's sent back
to the beach
when sexy wakes up the baby is born and
soon dies
son breaks down due to the loss of his
own child surgeon begins to behave
strangely and displays signs of
alzheimer's diseases as everyone is
drowning in sadness seizure screams out
loud
is because surgeon finally loses
self-control and kills mr fatty
in such chaos no one notices a figure
moving on the top of the mountain
guy painstakingly takes away surgeon's
knife hat worries about his wife's
illness and decides to go get some
medicine for her
after hat's departure guy plans to climb
the mountain and son wants to go first
but prisca stops them
she points out that each family has
someone with an illness
it seems like they are chosen for this
trip what's worse their passports are
left at the hotel so they can wipe them
out from earth without anyone's notice
while everyone is waiting for hats
returned daughter asks prisca if she has
ever betrayed her dad
kriska does not hide her dark secret
from daughter though she reasons that
cancer makes her so depressed that she
begins to enjoy physical pleasure
daughter cannot take it to calm herself
down daughter chooses to walk into the
sea and sees hat's dead body in the wave
in terror daughter flees into the arms
of prisca
seizure is greatly tormented by her
husband's death
at the same time miss sexy's daughter is
mourning the loss of her child and
decides to retaliate
while son is burying the dead baby
sexy's daughter climbs up the rock son
wants to get her down but prisca holds
him back
the further up she goes the more hopeful
the rest feels
right before she reaches the mountain
top she loses her consciousness and
drops dead from the rocks
it becomes clear that they cannot escape
through water or mountain
seizure goes mad and claims that she
will go look for her own sister just
when everyone is at the loss of what to
do
seizure falls to the sands and convulse
surgeon is not on his right mind now so
no one knows how to rescue seizure in
the end she gives up her last breath
by now the tourists on the beach have
aged friska's ear goes deaf guy's
eyesight deteriorates drastically even
sexy is no longer charming sitting on
the beach guy confesses his thoughts to
prisca
it turns out that he has discovered
prisca's betrayal but he chooses to
forgive her
now he only spends meaningful time with
his wife in order to start a fire son
and daughter look for materials beneath
the sand they uncover various items
which show that many other tourists have
been killed on this beach
among the relics there is a diary that
keeps a detailed account of what is
happening on the beach
the author related the fast aging to
some electric magnetic fields sun
wonders if a metal bar would disrupt the
magnetic field and saves all of them at
this point in time son notices a
cameraman situated on top of the
mountain it occurs to him that the
cameraman is monitoring them at all
times
at night guy and prisca have become
elderly man and woman
to their shock surgeon charges against
them with a knife under the protection
of guy prisca manages to flee the scene
she finds her children and tells them to
take shelter
son and daughter enter the cave only to
find sexy going mad and attacking them
without relent the two siblings hide in
a cave
sexy continues to go after them but she
soon deforms and dies on the spot back
to the married couple prisca goes back
in a pinch to cut surgeon with a rusty
knife so that her husband's life would
be spared
with the extremely fast flow of time
surgeon's wound swells and he is
poisoned to death
at last only guys family remains on the
beach before guy passes away he
confesses his love to prisca
even though he does not utter a word
prisca accepts his love
immediately after prisca's life also
comes to an end
overnight the siblings have become
middle-aged man and woman they know that
they would die after 10 over hours of
time
they begin to play with the sand and
activity they like as a child
sun is reminded of friend and remembers
his message decoding game
the message is deciphered soon saying
that my uncle does not like corals
right then son concludes that the way
must be hidden in the corals
perhaps that is the key to breaking the
curse of aging the siblings dive into
the sea to search for the corals
however daughter's clothes are hooked up
by the corals
sun anxiously helps to free her from the
corals
meanwhile the man appears on the top of
the mountain once again
he is no other than the driver seeing
that there is no more movement
underwater the driver reports to the
headquarter that the two siblings drown
in water
according to the headquarters
instruction he finishes the number 37
experiment and packs up to leave the
jungle
driver then returns to his base or is
filled with all kinds of drugs
the experiment team of a pharmacy
company discovers this particular beach
on one of their expeditions
it used to take up to a few decades of
time to do a drug test
but the beach effectively shortens such
a run
take seizure for an example and their
drugs are able to help her maintain her
status for nearly 16 years of time
once it goes into the market it will
create a huge profit for the company
while they are celebrating the success
of this experiment a female staff
announces that one more batch of
tourists has arrived at the resort the
hotel manager sends out his nephew
friend as bait to entice the new fish
however before they act out the plan the
surviving siblings expose their
wickedness
son hands the diary to the policeman and
makes known to the world the heinous
deeds of the pharmacy company
back to the corals sun gathers all of
his strength to break the corals so that
his sister can be freed
from there they managed to escape the
aging beach and return to normal life
this is daniel cc movie channel stay
safe and enjoy your day